Add new regex example to --exclude docs (#10903)
python/mypy: docs/source/command_line.rst

    For instance, to avoid discovering any files named `setup.py` you could
    pass ``--exclude '/setup\.py$'``. Similarly, you can ignore discovering
    directories with a given name by e.g. ``--exclude /build/`` or

>     those matching a subpath with ``--exclude /project/vendor/``. In adition,
>     to ignore multiple file or directory names, you can combine expressions
>     with ``|`` and pass e.g ``--exclude '/setup\.py$|/build/'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    those matching a subpath with ``--exclude /project/vendor/``. To ignore
    multiple files / directories / paths, you can combine expressions with
    ``|``, e.g ``--exclude '/setup\.py$|/build/'``.
```
